jaak meanwhile to a special afternoon in breda it was a long time secret
where we would stand and with he the four finalists from that I put three
good chances for promotion but stand in breda and i am saunders that stands here
next to me and and it is going well and I really hope not to ask you yes
hear red georgia expert
you have to sit in the roller coaster with it can hardly be otherwise
and what say a lot is worth yes
really relax
the trophy though but it's just a laid-back and by the way it's one
attractive talking robert play
he appeared there
9 fabergé relax
yes i see a lot of learns a lot from people who arrange everything and will all be beautiful
white in good hands w winning the president a highlight for you
but then what is so far the highlight since winning one of
the frost
I think the butterfly
rosberg prof
as immediately after that the
but I guess
bussum there will be clear but again
having said after meeting all those other artis
Well this year I finished saying that is a beautiful thing I will never forget
keep the same but the people around me change if I won mollet
what do you notice
I don't think you post Jaap van der H
year and this has to hit the car which I have only addressed a few songs
stand away
people talk very large zardari copy awarded well three
don't say that
yes but moderately effective
he did win
driving
we were penultimate slope
that is already happening from finally the rider what is still on the program
a video clip with the single
we think up
you immediately go yellow for yes of course often for a full album and then and
get started with that
the church
yes i think mr you are good points and luckily i see it
just nice and sober at least that I like
but it is true
very good I wish you the best of luck with what you are not going to do this
was a special afternoon gentlemen to breda that you with the winners of the
percent en enne I really knew all the success with your very busy one